Add fast track (#30)
w3ctag/process: guide-for-tag-members.md

#### Fast Track

> Optionally, when a design review comes in, a TAG member may mark it as `fast track?` and alert other TAG members. Fast track reviews are reviews that would be proposed to not take up call time. It’s up to the TAG member proposing fast track status to indicate what outcome they think the review should have. E.g. “This doesn’t need a review. It’s a small change to a spec we’ve already reviewed with no architectural issues. Suggested outcome: Resolution: Satisfied”. They should also add themselves to the issue and add a “Fast track?” label. If it gets at least 2 indications of support (e.g. thumbs up on Slack) (over 1 week from the time it has been proposed) from any other TAG members then it can be closed. It’s up to whoever proposed this for fast rack to close it and to write a brief closing note into the issue, summarizing the reason it can be closed, and label it appropriately. If other TAG members object over the 2 day period, then it goes into the regular review cycle

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Optionally, when a design review comes in, a TAG member may mark it as `fast track?` and alert other TAG members. Fast track reviews are reviews that would be proposed to not take up call time. It’s up to the TAG member proposing fast track status to indicate what outcome they think the review should have. E.g. “This doesn’t need a review. It’s a small change to a spec we’ve already reviewed with no architectural issues. Suggested outcome: Resolution: Satisfied”. They should also add themselves to the issue and add a “Fast track?” label. If it gets at least 2 indications of support (e.g. thumbs up on Slack) (over 1 week from the time it has been proposed) from any other TAG members then it can be closed. It’s up to whoever proposed this for fast track to close it and to write a brief closing note into the issue, summarizing the reason it can be closed, and label it appropriately. If other TAG members object over the 2 day period, then it goes into the regular review cycle
```

> Optionally, when a design review comes in, a TAG member may mark it as `fast track?` and alert other TAG members. Fast track reviews are reviews that would be proposed to not take up call time. It’s up to the TAG member proposing fast track status to indicate what outcome they think the review should have. E.g. “This doesn’t need a review. It’s a small change to a spec we’ve already reviewed with no architectural issues. Suggested outcome: Resolution: Satisfied”. They should also add themselves to the issue and add a “Fast track?” label. If it gets at least 2 indications of support (e.g. thumbs up on Slack) (over 1 week from the time it has been proposed) from any other TAG members then it can be closed. It’s up to whoever proposed this for fast rack to close it and to write a brief closing note into the issue, summarizing the reason it can be closed, and label it appropriately. If other TAG members object over the 2 day period, then it goes into the regular review cycle

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Optionally, when a design review comes in, a TAG member may mark it as `fast track?` and alert other TAG members. Fast track reviews are reviews that would be proposed to not take up call time. It’s up to the TAG member proposing fast track status to indicate what outcome they think the review should have. E.g. “This doesn’t need a review. It’s a small change to a spec we’ve already reviewed with no architectural issues. Suggested outcome: Resolution: Satisfied”. They should also add themselves to the issue and add a “Fast track?” label. If it gets at least 2 indications of support (e.g. thumbs up on Slack) (over 1 week from the time it has been proposed) from any other TAG members then it can be closed. It’s up to whoever proposed this for fast rack to close it and to write a brief closing note into the issue, summarizing the reason it can be closed, and label it appropriately. If other TAG members object over the 1 week period, or it does not get sufficient support, then it goes into the regular review cycle.
```

#### Fast Track

Optionally, when a design review comes in, a TAG member may mark it as 
`fast track?` and alert other TAG members. Fast track reviews are reviews
 that would be proposed to not take up call time. It’s up to the TAG member
proposing fast track status to indicate what outcome they think the
review should have. E.g. “This doesn’t need a review. It’s a small
change to a spec we’ve already reviewed with no architectural issues.
Suggested outcome: Resolution: Satisfied”. They should also add
themselves to the issue and add a “Fast track?” label. If it gets at least 

> 2 indications of support (e.g. thumbs up on Slack) (over 1 week from the

Reviewer 2: Thinking more about it, one week basically renders fast track pointless, since we can add it to the next call and resolve much faster. This needs to be faster than the existing process to actually be "fast track".

Reviewer 3: I disagree that 1 week makes fast track pointless. The point of fast track is to not take up call time, and to resolve things faster than we typically resolve things. Our typical design reviews take a hell of a lot longer than a week.

Reviewer 4: I support one week as well, otherwise we might miss someone raising points that might be hidden in what seems obvious but is not.
In most case where I see fast-track to happen, it won't be an issue.

time it has been proposed) from any other TAG members then it can be
closed. It’s up to whoever proposed this for fast track to close it and to
write a brief closing note into the issue, summarizing the reason it can be 

> closed, and label it appropriately. If other TAG members object over the 2

Reviewer 2: wait, is it one week or two days?

Author: See above.
